[RHACS] [Docs] ROX-30753: Docs for generating SBOM from scanned images Phase 2 (#99991)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/generating-sboms-by-using-the-roxctl-cli.adoc

// Module included in the following assemblies:
//
// * operating/manage-vulnerabilities/scanner-generate-sbom.adoc

:_mod-docs-content-type: PROCEDURE
[id="generating-sboms-by-using-the-roxctl-cli_{context}"]
= Generating SBOMs by using the roxctl CLI

> 

Reviewer: needs `[role="_abstract"]

> You can generate Software Bill of Material (SBOMs) by using the `roxctl` CLI.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can generate a Software Bill of Materiald (SBOM) by using the `roxctl` CLI.
```
